Updated documentation for v0.6.0 release (#525)
kopia/kopia: site/content/docs/Architecture/_index.md

BLOB storage is the place where your data is ultimately stored. Any type that implements simple Go [API](https://godoc.org/github.com/kopia/kopia/repo/blob#Storage) can be used as Kopia's blob storage.

> See the [Repositories](/docs/repositories/) page for a list of currently supported storage backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Repositories](/docs/repositories/) page for a list of currently supported storage backends.
```

> Cloud storage solutions (such as GCS, S3 or Azure Blob Storage) are a great choice because they provide high availability and durability of data at a very reasonable price.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloud storage solutions (such as GCS, S3 or Azure Blob Storage) are great choices because they provide high availability and data durability at reasonable prices.
```
